What? He didn't even tell you on his birthday?
Yeah, this is after we got married
His first birthday
If it weren't for his childhood sweetheart's sister
Birthday cake
I had no idea.
That Willow Creek
Why would he give your husband a cake?
Don't eat it.
Don't worry, I've thrown it in the trash can downstairs.
And
I think that Liu Xi is deliberately disgusting you.
I think their relationship must be different
Do you want to find a private detective to investigate?
The detective we were looking for said
You Mingxuan is also looking for detectives to investigate
The detective your sister-in-law is looking for and the detective we are looking for
It's a couple
How dare he investigate me! How dare he investigate me!
Since he doesn't believe me
Then we will deliberately send them some fake messages.
OK
Then it depends on whether he can accept the imperfect me.
brother
The detective found some information about Mrs. Saw's love history
I don't know if you can handle it